I'm sorry, sweetie.
My land is standing on its own
As we live and speak
Enough. Don't be so可ел
You are not chicken
It's just a wnown thing
MiniNISRIP I know you are young
And I attached a bird in the nest
He flew out
Oh my darling
Please have me
I know you won't fight back your name if you don't take its smell,
but I would like you to know a very commendable saying.
You're one who will never go hungry for hands.
That is correct.
Nothing could get worse It was a continuous visit priest.
You will become a disciple of the Lord.
Do you understand?
No!
No, no!
I have my own thoughts!
That's not good.
You are
a father of the sea, not a father of the sea.
Why do you want to pay back
the favor you received from the Lord?
If I have to pay back the favor,
I should do it.
What?
I don't have any money.
I will bring you
to the sea
and you will be
a good tiger.
What are you doing?
You don't need to pay back the favor.
What?
What if I don't pay back the favor?
I don't have a father.
What if you have one?
If I have a father,
I will say that I have one.
Korin Toraji,
I am your father's
disciple.
What?
Are you my father's disciple?
Then are you my father's?
Ah, father's.
When I was a child,
I was
a good tiger.
I was raised
in a family
and I am
a good tiger.
I am the same.
The End